Template: wdb/database_name
Type: string
Default: wdb
Description: The wdb database name:
 The name to use for the wdb database. Note that this debian package only
 supports having one wdb installation per server. If you wish to install 
 multiple databases on a single server, you will have to install them 
 manually.

Template: wdb/database_admin
Type: string
Default: wdb
Description: The wdb administrator account:
 This is the username for the administrator of the WDB database. This 
 username should preferably exist as a user on the server with a home 
 directory under /home. If the user does not exist, he will be created
 using adduser. If a database user with this id does not exist, a 
 database user with super user rights in Postgres will be created for
 the username.

Template: wdb/database_purge
Type: boolean
Description: Do you want to purge the database?
 Purge the database if you want to remove the data in the database along
 with the wdb package. Please note that all data in the database will be 
 lost.
 .
 If you do not purge the database, the postgres database will be left as
 is, and all data, data files and configuration files will be left on the
 server. A subsequent reinstallation of the wdb package may then be able to
 upgrade the database files without deleting the data in the database. To 
 remove data at a later time, you should reinstall the database and purge
 it using debian. Removing a database manually is not recommended.

Template: wdb/database_removeadmin
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Do you want to remove the database administrator's user account?
 If the database administrator's user account did not exist when the wdb
 package was created, it will have been created during installation. If
 that was the case, you should let debian remove the administrator account
 now.
 .
 If your server uses some form of centralized user management (NIS or LDAP
 for instance), you should not purge the user as the operation will very
 likely fail and leave your system in an inconsistent state. 
